Update of some docs (#231)
rancher/k3k: docs/architecture.md

## Comparison and Trade-offs

K3k offers two distinct modes for deploying virtual clusters: `shared` and `virtual`. Each mode has its own strengths and weaknesses, and the best choice depends on the specific needs and priorities of the user. Here's a comparison to help you make an informed decision:

| Feature | Shared Mode | Virtual Mode |
|---|---|---|
| **Architecture** | Agentless K3s server with Virtual Kubelet | Full K3s cluster (server and agents) as pods |
| **Isolation** | Network Policies | Dedicated control plane and worker nodes |
| **Resource Sharing** | Dynamic, namespace-level ResourceQuotas | Resource limits on virtual cluster pods |
| **Networking** | Host cluster's CNI | Virtual cluster's own CNI |
| **Storage** | Host cluster's storage | *Under development* |
| **Security** | Pod Security Admission (PSA), Network Policies | Inherent isolation, PSA, Network Policies, secure host configuration |

> | **Performance** | Smaller footprint, potentially more efficient due to running directly on the host | Potentially better performance for demanding workloads due to dedicated resources and isolation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Performance** | Smaller footprint, more efficient due to running directly on the host | Higher overhead due to running full K3s clusters |
```

**Trade-offs:**

* **Isolation vs. Overhead:** The `shared` mode has lower overhead but weaker isolation, while the `virtual` mode provides stronger isolation but potentially higher overhead due to running full K3s clusters.
* **Resource Sharing:** The `shared` mode offers dynamic resource sharing within a namespace, which can be efficient but less predictable. The `virtual` mode provides dedicated resources to each virtual cluster, offering more control but requiring careful planning.

**Choosing the right mode:**

* **Choose `shared` mode if:**
    * You prioritize low overhead and resource efficiency.
    * You need a simple setup and don't require strong isolation between virtual clusters.

>     * Your workloads don't have strict performance requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Your workloads don't have strict performance requirements.
    * Your workloads needs host capacities (GPU)
```

Security in `virtual` mode benefits from the inherent isolation provided by the separate K3s clusters.  However, standard Kubernetes security best practices still apply, and K3k emphasizes a layered security approach.  While the K3s server pods often run with elevated privileges (due to the nature of their function, requiring access to system resources), K3k recommends minimizing these privileges whenever possible and adhering to the principle of least privilege.  This can be achieved by carefully configuring the necessary capabilities instead of relying on full `privileged` mode.  Further information on K3s security best practices can be found in the official K3s documentation: [https://docs.k3s.io/security](https://docs.k3s.io/security) (This link provides general security guidance, including discussions of capabilities and other relevant topics).

> K3k employs several strategies to mitigate the risks associated with elevated privileges:

Author: Sorry, I'm not sure how should I improve this part, and what should I drop. Can you provide a small example/suggestion?

| **Storage** | Host cluster's storage | *Under development* |
| **Security** | Pod Security Admission (PSA), Network Policies | Inherent isolation, PSA, Network Policies, secure host configuration |
| **Performance** | Potentially higher overhead due to resource reflection | Potentially better performance due to dedicated resources |

**Trade-offs:**

* **Isolation vs. Overhead:** The `shared` mode has lower overhead but weaker isolation, while the `virtual` mode provides stronger isolation but potentially higher overhead due to running full K3s clusters.
* **Resource Sharing:** The `shared` mode offers dynamic resource sharing within a namespace, which can be efficient but less predictable. The `virtual` mode provides dedicated resources to each virtual cluster, offering more control but requiring careful planning.

**Choosing the right mode:**

* **Choose `shared` mode if:**
    * You prioritize low overhead and resource efficiency.
    * You need a simple setup and don't require strong isolation between virtual clusters.
    * Your workloads don't have strict performance requirements.
* **Choose `virtual` mode if:**

>     * You prioritize strong isolation and security.

Author: Yes, it's probably something we can just remove, to be sure, keeping just the "strong isolation" part.
